doc improvement: style fixes in nRF9160 samples part-1 (#6752)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/at_client/README.rst

.. include:: /includes/spm.txt

Overview
********

The AT Client sample acts as a proxy for sending directives to the nRF9160 modem using AT commands.
This facilitates the reading of responses or analyzing of events related to the nRF9160 modem.

> The commands can be initiated from a terminal or the `LTE Link Monitor`_, which is an application implemented as part of `nRF Connect for Desktop`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can initiate the commands from a terminal or the `LTE Link Monitor`_, which is an application implemented as part of `nRF Connect for Desktop`_.
```
Maybe also which -> that
